Most IT problems I touch get solved on the first call.
I'm Phong Hoang — Cloud Support and IT Operations Engineer, based in Houston.
Problem solver.
Builder.
Reliable.
Multilingual.
Available now.
Four-plus years in IT.
The numbers: ninety-five percent first-contact resolution rate.
Over two hundred users supported.
Six CompTIA certifications.
And I speak four languages.
At IronEdge Group — one of Houston's largest MSPs — I grew from Onboarding Tech to IT Support Technician in fifteen months.
That meant managing Active Directory and M365 for over a hundred employees, handling fifty-plus tickets a week, and taking Tier-2 escalations — AD replication, VPN, firewall.
I wanted to see what I could build from scratch — so I joined CIRculate as their founding technical hire.
I built and shipped a full SaaS product in sixty days — Next.js on Vercel, Neon Postgres, Auth0, Stripe.
Zero to demo-ready.
Owned the whole stack.
My skills bridge traditional IT ops and modern cloud development.
IT operations: Active Directory, M365, ConnectWise, ImmyBot, networking.
Cloud-native: GitHub, Vercel, PowerShell, REST APIs.
Six CompTIA certifications — A-Plus, Network-Plus, Security-Plus, CIOS, CSIS, and Linux Essentials.
The fundamentals are solid.
One more thing — I speak four languages: English and Vietnamese natively, Mandarin and Cantonese fluently.
For customer-facing roles or global teams, that's a real edge.
I'm available now, open to onsite or hybrid in Houston.
Call me at 832-641-2959, email at H-Steven-2008 at gmail, or find me on LinkedIn — handle pqhoang90.
Let's talk.